So in this video we will be talking about the two files further that are log in or Java and or Java.
So let's start.
So the log in dot Java file has been.
Designed inside or coded inside the package bank.
And we have imported the necessary packages that are Java data for graphical user interface Java dot
dot event to handle events on buttons or menu items.
After that Java swing to create an interactive graphical user interface and Java dot scale to handle
and interact with our database.
After that we have defined the login class which is extending the frame and implementing the action
listener inside which we have three labels 11, L, two and three and the text field F one and the password
field PFA two and there are three buttons B1, B2 and V three.
Now we have defined the non parameterized constructor of this class.
Setting the title as automated teller machine.
After that, here it is.
Image Icon.
We have loaded the image icon with the help of class loader logcat system resource inside which we have
passed the.
Part of that image which we want to display.
After that we have a scale to the instance size and it's.
Type image type with the help of the image object title.
Again, we have stored that item image in the image icon object three.
Then we have added that image icon object in the label l11 So this label will be displaying the image.
After that, we have set the bound for that label with location will be seven, comma, ten, and its
size will be 100 to 100.
After that, we have added the label to our frame.
Similarly, there is a label, one where it is showing a new label.
Welcome to ATM.
After that 11% set font a new font.
The font type is also its font.
Family is offered.
One type is bold and font size is 38.
After that, we have set bond bound for the fonts, which will set location and size.
Location is 200, comma 40 and its size is for 50 cross 40.
Then we have added that label to our.
Frame.
After that, there is another label as a card number for which we have said the font like font families
railway font type is bold and font size is 28.
After that we have said bound for it.
Location is 125 comma.
150 and sizes 375 Cross 30 added that label to our frame.
After that there is text filled to a font size of 15 and set bound for it.
Location will be 300 comma 150 in size will be to 30, cross 30.
After that we have set the font for it, which will be Arial and the type is bold and the font size
is 14.
Then we have added that to our frame.
After that, there is a label named as Penn.
So it's we have set the font for it.
Font Families, railway font type is bold and font size is 28.
Then we have set the bound for it was location will be 125 comma 20 and size will be 375 cross 30 added
that label to our frame.
After that there is a password field.
We have created the instance of the password field.
Then we have set the found font for that password field font families arial font type is bold and font
size is 14.
After that we have created set its bounds so by which its location and size will be fixed.
And then we have added that password fill in our frame.
Then there are three buttons.
First button is for the sign in, so setting its background colour as black, foreground colour as white.
After that there is a button clear button setting its background colour as black, foreground colour
as white.
After that there is a button sign up whose background colour as black and foreground colour is white.
Then we have set the layout of the complete frame as well.
After that we have set the font and bound for each button.
The font is a type, is bold and 14 for every button while the buttons for every button has been set
at different.
After that, we have added action on all of these buttons p one between v three.
Then we have set the background color of the complete window that is colored dot white, set the size
for the window that is 800 cross for 80.
After that, we have set the location that is 550, comma 200.
So that will be the location of opening of this login window and its visibility as true.
After that we have defined the action, perform the method.
Public Void Action performed method, which is taking an action event type of object so inside which
we have defined a catch block, inside the try block, we have defined for the if statement which is
a dot get sources equals to is goes to be one.
So we one is the button which is for signing purpose here, one for sign and purpose.
So if the source of the event is from B, one source of the event is from V1.
Then we will create a connection with our with the help of our connection class with the database and
inside the string car number, we will be fetching the detail from the text field one and inside the
string pane we will be fetching the details from our past field password field and we have created a
string.
Q Which is holding select aspect from login.
We are car number and pin will match.
So at the enable login database where the car number and PIN will match.
Then we will execute the results that.
With the help of our civil and stance and their statement and stance and with the execute method inside
which we have passed the string.
Q As an argument.
So this will execute that query after that for asked next which will be moving the control of the.
My database over to the next record.
That means the record which for which the card number and pin will be matched and set the visibility
of the current window as false.
And we will be calling new transaction pin and set as well.
So after the successful login, we will call the transaction class by passing the pin as an argument
to its constructor and set this visibility as true.
Otherwise we will show that incorrect card number or pin.
If the source of the button is from B2, then we will just set the DF one NPF two as null because b
two button is for reset.
I think b to button is for clear air.
That means we will be clearing all the fields of DF one and B often that are text field and password
field.
If the source also button is from B three, then we will set the visibility of the current window as
false and move the control of the program to our sign up window, which we will be learning about the
sign up clause in our next video.
And set the visibility as to after that inside the cache block.
What we will be doing is we will handling any exception if occurs and inside the public static main,
we will be setting the visibility of the login class as through.
Now let's have a look at the pending Java file.
So pinned or Java file is also defined inside the package bank and we have imported the necessary packages.
Those are Java, JWT and Java events, swing and Java as well.
Now we have defined the public class pin, which is extending the frame and implementing action listener
class.
Now a password field.
There are two passwords fields 2122.
Then there is a two buttons, b one and B two.
Then there are three labels L1, L2 and N three and a string pin.
And these are the instance of this class.
After that, we have defined the parameterized constructor for this class, which is taking a pin.
As a string variable inside it.
So we will be setting the start pin current and stance of pin variable to the past string pin.
After that we have defined the image icon by passing the image source or location from our system and
then creating another image instance.
And after that we have added that image icon to a label for setting the bound for the label whose location
will be zero, comma, zero and size will be 960 cross 181080 and adding that label to our frame.
After that, there are many labels as well.
So first is the option is change your pin setting font for it, font, family type and size, then setting
background color as white.
Then there is another label as new pin setting font, family type and size and foreground color as white.
Similarly, there is a new pin.
Label setting font for it and foreground color of it.
After that, there are three text fields.
Sorry, these are the password fields.
So what is the password field?
Setting its font.
It is the password.
Field setting is font.
So these two password fields will be for changing the pin.
So we will be entering the pin two places.
First enter the new pin, then we will be confirming the similar pin.
After that there is a button we want change and back.
There are really two buttons.
Adding accent listener to both of the buttons, setting the layout of the complete window as well.
After that, setting the layout for the one whose location will be two eight, comma 330 and size 800
cross 35.
Adding that to our.
L for instance, adding the element over L for instance, where.
L4 is another label and then there is a label.
L three So we have set location of it and add it to our label L4.
Then there is the password field t one.
Add that to our label L4.
Similarly t 23 and added both the buttons.
Also after that we have fixed the frame size to nine 6180.
Location has 500 comma zero and set the under quoted property as true and the set visibility as true.
So now we have defined the action performed method which is taking an action event object inside the
and PIN.
We have taken the D1 point from the first password field that is T1 and inside our PIN we have taken
the password from the DX two second password field, if not ten pins.
If the entire pin and the confinement does not match, then we'll show that print does not match.
And if the source of the event is from button v1, then we will.
Check that if the password field is null, then we will show that enter new pin.
If the second password field is null, then we will show that re-enter new pin.
After that, we will stabilize the connection with our database with the con class, create a query
that update bank said pin or pin where pin is equal to pin.
Then another query to set the pin in login table.
And then we need to set up an ID, sign up three table.
Then we will execute all these Q-on-Q to end with three queries respectively and print the dialog box
that pin chain successfully and set the visibility of the current window as false.
Then we will call the new transaction open.
That is true.
So it will again move the control of the program to the new transaction class by passing the PIN as
an argument to its constructor and setting the visibility as to if the source of the button is from
B2, then we will again move to a new transaction by passing the previous PIN rather than the current
or new pin and setting the visibility of it's true and set the visibility of the current window as false.
The cache block will handle any exceptions if occurs inside the public static void.
Man We have called the new pin.
Class with the null value and set the visibility as true.
So this is all about these two classes.
First class, which we have talked about, is the login class which will be used to log in into our
this project.
And second is the pain note java file which will be managing the rendering of PIN or setting the pin.
So that's all in this.